All right, so let's test out this workflow.
So we're going to begin on this first step right here.
We're going to make changes to some service inside of our project.
In this case, the changes don't really matter all that much.
I just want to have some change that we can commit.
But how about we try out going into our service, finding the index file inside there?
And how about right at the very start of our start function?
Let's just add in a little console log of starting up.
That's it.
That's the change that we want to commit.
So I'm going to save this file and close it out.
That's step one.
And I can move on to step two where we are going to commit that code to a new branch.
The back over at my terminal.
I'm going to check out a new branch with git check out.
Ashby and I'll give this branch a very simple name of Dev Short for development.
Once I've created that new branch, I'll check my status.
There's the file that we just changed.
We're going to add that and commit it with the message of added startup message.
Yeah.
So we just changed or committed those changes to a new branch.
It was a branch that was not the master branch.
That's the very critical part here.
We're not going to commit directly to the master branch.
Now we're going to push that branch up to GitHub.
So to do so, we'll do a git push origin.
It looks good.
It looks like we created a new branch.
On GitHub.
So GitHub has now received that updated branch.
We're now going to log on to GitHub.
We're going to take a look at a repository and we're going to create a pull request manually to merge
that branch into our master.
So back at my GitHub repo.
I'm going to go to the request tab.
I can either click on this compare and pull request button right here for Dev or I can create the pull
request manually.
I'm going to show how to create it manually because we don't always see this yellow box appear right
here.
So I can either click on the first screen one.
In this case, I'm going to go with new pull request.
And then going to be prompted with what I am taking code from or which branch I'm going from, which
branch I'm merging it to.
So I want to go from my dev branch and merge that into master.
So I should see in these dropdowns master and then dev.
I'll then click on Create Pull Request.
We get prompted to add in a message, so a title for the request itself and then some description right
here of the changes that we are making.
So in theory, we would want to put in some description of what just happened or why I'm trying to merge
this code into master.
So I might put in a description here that says something like, It would be nice if we had a.
Message whenever the service started up.
And I'll create the pull request.
So once I create that pull request, it triggers a new event on GitHub and that event should trigger
the GitHub action or that workflow we just put together.
So after a moment or two, you should see the box down here start to light up or change.
It should go over to yellow and it should say something like some checks haven't completed yet.
So that is our GitHub action being executed.
In theory, it's going to run our tests and give us some output on those tests right here inside this
window to get more information about what's going on, we can click on details on the right.
And it's going to take us to some information about the running job.
So in this case, it has is going through essentially the script we just put together.
You can see that right now it is running the CD and to off and install and NPM run test command.
So after it has installed all those dependencies, it's going to run all of our tests and hopefully
they all pass.
If they pass, then this step will be resolved successfully.
Otherwise, if they fail for some reason, well, the overall test suite is going to fail and we'll
be told about that back inside of our request.
So looks like in this case all my tests ran successfully.
So I get a green checkbox right there.
Green checkbox right here to say everything looks good.
So if I go back over to the Conversation tab.
Which is essentially the main polar request tab.
I'll now see something that says all checks have passed, so that would be assigned to you and I as
developers, that the changes I just made didn't break anything inside of our app and we should be safe
to now merge this pull request into our master branch.
So I could click on merge pull request right there, but I'm not going to right now.
I want to show you what would happen if one of our tests failed for some reason as well.
Okay.
So let's take a pause right here.
When we come back.
Next video, we're going to take a look at what happens if one of our test failure fail during this
pull request process.